Create a sphinx-based documentation setup (#13)
osm-flex/osm-flex: doc/index.rst

Welcome to osm-flex's documentation!
===================================

A Python package for flexible data extraction from OpenStreetMap.

.. note::

   This project is under active development.

How to cite
-----------
If you use the **OSM-flex**  package in your work, please cite the package directly:

> * Koks. E.E., Muhlhofer E., Kropf, C., Riedel, K. (2023). OSM-flex: A Python package for flexible data extraction from OpenStreetMap. Zenodo. (link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Koks. E.E., Mühlhofer, E., Kropf, C., Riedel, L. (2023). OSM-flex: A Python package for flexible data extraction from OpenStreetMap. Zenodo. (link)
```

> * Koks. E.E., Muhlhofer E., Kropf, C., Riedel, K. (2023). OSM-flex: A Python package for flexible data extraction from OpenStreetMap. Zenodo. (link)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Koks. E.E., Mühlhofer E., Kropf, C.M., Riedel, L. (2023). OSM-flex: A Python package for flexible data extraction from OpenStreetMap. Zenodo. (link)
```
